Pseudo Selectors are used to select an element based on state or position of the element
There are two types of pseudo selectors i.e.,
 i. pseudo classes
 ii. pseudo elements
Pseudo elements:
   Pseudo elements uses double colon for its presence
   1.::first-line: first line is used to select the first line of the element
   2.::first-letter: first letter is used to select the first letter of the element
   3.::after: it is used to keep certain content after the element
   4.::before: it is used to place certain content before the element
   5.::placeholder: it is used to select the placeholder of input elements

  pseudo classes:
  these selectors uses single colon
  i. :hover : it is used to select an element whenever we keep mouse over the element
  ii. :required : it is used to select an element when it is required
  iii. :optional : it is used to select an input element when it is not required
  iv. :active : it is used to select an anchor tag when it is active
  v. :link : it is used to select a link in original state
  vi :visited : it is used to select a link if it is already visited
  vii. :disabled : it is used to select an input element when it is disabled
  viii. :enabled :it is used to select an input element when it is not disabled
  ix. :read-only : it is used to select an input element when it is readonly
  x. :read-write : it is used to select an input element when it is not read-write
  xi. :first-child: it is used to select an element if it is first
  xii. :last-child; it is used to select an element if it is the last
  xiii. :nth-child(position): it is used to select an element based on its position number 
  xiv. :nth-last-child(position): it is used to select an element based on its position number from last
  xv. :nth-of-type(position): it is used to select an element based on its position number and type of the element
  xvi. :nth-of-last-type(position): it is used to select an element based on its position number and type of the element from the last
  xvii. :not : it is used to select the element except certain element
  






